---
layout: post
title: "Crop Characters with CSS - One Line, Multiple Lines"
author: "Logger"
thumbnail: "undefined"
tags: 
---


With a fixed width only, the layout is easy to design by pre-measuring the number of characters to be printed on the screen at the server end. If your layout has a flexible width or you have trouble controlling the number of characters due to lack of access to the server script, the methods described below are recommended.

### Truncate characters in one line

The first thing to apply is to cut letters that are being printed on a single line or multiple lines into one line at a specified width. This begins by combining various CSS attributes to match the conditions.

To cut letters with CSS, the width of the letters to be printed is required. Basically, if you cannot have the width of an element, such as the `inline` value of the display property, as we have seen in the CSS box model #1 it must be changed to have the width.

```css
.target {
display: block;
}

```

Because element is changed to `block` value, width of element is automatically changed to take up 100% of width of parent. If it has flexible width depending on contents such as `inline-block`, it is necessary to set width of element directly. That is, having a fixed width is a prerequisite.

```css
.target {
display: inline-block;
width: 200px;
}

```

Even if the width is specified, if the number of characters exceeds the width, the line change occurs automatically. This can be prevented by setting the white-space attribute to `nowrap`.

```css
.target {
display: inline-block;
width: 200px;
white-space: nowrap;
}

```

The overflow attribute is responsible for handling the overflow of elements in the CSS. Set the overflow property of the target element to `hidden` to hide the overflow.

```css
.target {
display: inline-block;
width: 200px;
white-space: nowrap;
overflow: hidden;
}

```

The text-overflow property is responsible for handling the properties set above and the hidden parts due to the properties set above, and when `ellipsis` is set, the ellipsis (...) is generated at the end of the hidden area (Oh~ Good!).

```css
.target {
display: inline-block;
width: 200px;
white-space: nowrap;
overflow: hidden;
text-overflow: ellipsis;
}

```

The above is sufficiently corresponding to the flexible width unless the number of characters to be output is limited to a small number on the server end. However, it should be noted that the layout is restricted to one line.

### Truncate characters in multiple lines

The next thing to apply is to cut the letters that are being printed over multiple lines into multiple lines to match the specified width and height. This requires a repetition of the above-mentioned content and additional settings.

The above single-line cut uses the "white-space" property to produce a single line of characters printed over multiple lines. It should be released so that it can be expressed in multiple lines again.

```css
.target {
/* One-line cut */
display: inline-block;
width: 200px;
white-space: nowrap;
overflow: hidden;
text-overflow: ellipsis;

/* Multi-line Cut Add Style */
white-space: normal;
}

```

Setting the height of an element`s line is essential to output multiple lines. The height of this line is the reference, and the height of the element is set by the number of rows of the line you want to show.

```css
.target {
/* One-line cut */
display: inline-block;
width: 200px;
white-space: nowrap;
overflow: hidden;
text-overflow: ellipsis;

/* Multi-line Cut Add Style */
white-space: normal;
line-height: 1.2;
}

```

Set the height of the element relative to the height of the line set above. In other words, if you want to show two lines, you can set the height to double the height of the line, and if you want to show three lines, you can set the height to triple the height of the line.

```css
.target {
/* One-line cut */
display: inline-block;
width: 200px;
white-space: nowrap;
overflow: hidden;
text-overflow: ellipsis;

/* Multi-line Cut Add Style */
white-space: normal;
line-height: 1.2;
height: 3.6em;
}

```

You can set `max-height` instead of `height` and limit the maximum value.

Although many lines can be printed and characters can be cut with the above settings, it is not processed for hidden parts with `text-overflow` properties. Hidden processing across multiple lines is currently supported only by browsers of the Webkit family, and is listed below.

```css
.target {
/* One-line cut */
display: inline-block;
width: 200px;
white-space: nowrap;
overflow: hidden;
text-overflow: ellipsis;

/* Multi-line Cut Add Style */
white-space: normal;
line-height: 1.2;
height: 3.6em;
text-align: left;
word-wrap: break-word;
display: -webkit-box;
-webkit-line-clamp: 3;
-webkit-box-orient: vertical;
}

```

- `text-align: left`: If the alignment of the characters is both aligned, the ellipsis may be hidden.
- "word-wrap: break-word: word by word.
- `display: -webkit-box`: Convert to flex box for flexible height increase such as margin insertion
- `-webkit-line-clamp: 3`: Number of lines to show
- `-webkit-box-orientation: vertical` : setting the direction of the flex box

In other words, webkit-based browsers such as Chrome, Opera, and Safari provide their own way to cut multiple lines of text, so they don`t need to set height or line height. It is only necessary for cross-browsing.

> There were times when I couldn't see the ellipsis because I inserted an example while writing because it was intertwined with the existing settings. Drag it with a mouse or change the width of the window, and width of the window. I never used it before, but...