---
layout: post
title: "Emmett - Sublime Text Plug-in #4"
author: "Logger"
thumbnail: "https://img1.daumcdn.net/thumb/R750x0/?scode=mtistory2&fname=https%3A%2F%2Ft1.daumcdn.net%2Fcfile%2Ftistory%2F247F904E556A7C252E"
tags: 
---


There are probably people who have written snippets or abbreviations that reduce coding time in advance and are calling them into macros or other applications to use them. Coding is a battle with time, so it would be better to reduce repetitive content.

### Introducing Emmett

Emmett is a plug-in that improves HTML and CSS operational efficiency for popular text editors. Basically, most text editors can store reusable code called snippets, which they have to define themselves and cannot extend their execution time.

Emmett enters an expression that resembles CSS and outputs the contents of the abbreviation entered. It was developed and optimized for web developers working with HTML/XML and CSS, but is also available in programming languages.

Emmett`s download menu displays available text editors and online services.

- 완벽지원 : Sublime Text, Atom, Eclipse/Aptana, TextMate, Coda, Espresso, Chocolat, komodo edit, Notepad++, PSPad, textarea, CodeMirror, Brackets, NetBeans, Adobe Dreamweaver
- 온라인 서비스 : JSFiddle, JS Bin, CodePen, ICEcoder, Divshot, Codio, Codeanywhere
- Third-party support (not all features): EditPlus, SynWrite, WebStorm, PhpStorm, Vim, HTML-Kit, HippoEDIT, CodeLobster PHP Edition, TinyMCE, EverEdit, Emacs, WeBuilder

### Installing the Emmet Plug-in

The plug-in uses the PyV8 and Google`s V8 binaries, which are written and executed by Java scripts, so it may not work on any operating system at all.

- After executing the sublime text, command Palette is recalled with the shortcut Ctrl+Shift+P.
- Select Package Control: Install Package, which is automatically completed when `install` is entered, and press Enter.
- Enter `emmet` and select Emmett when it is detected, then press Enter to install it.
- Re-execute the sublime text.

When you install this plug-in, it automatically downloads PyV8 binaries, but if you encounter problems downloading them, install them manually.

### Emmett abbreviation

Abbreviations are the core of Emmett. See the example below for extending an expression that resembles a CSS selector.

```undefined
#page>div.logo+ul#navigation>li*5>a{Item $}

```

It is converted as shown below.

```html
<div id="page">
<div class="logo"></div>
<ul id="navigation">
<li><a href="">Item 1</a></li>
<li><a href="">Item 2</a></li>
<li><a href="">Item 3</a></li>
<li><a href="">Item 4</a></li>
<li><a href="">Item 5</a></li>
</ul>
</div>

```

See Emmet Documentation for a detailed description.

### Emmet Action

- Abbreviation Extension – Tab or Ctrl + E
- Interactive abbreviation extension — Ctrl+Alt+Enter
- Select Inside Pairing Tags – £D (Mac) / Ctrl + , (PC)
- Match Tag Pair Award – £J / Shift+Ctrl+0
- Go to Pairing Tags – £T / Ctrl+Alt+J
- Create an abbreviated tag — £W / Shift+Ctrl+G
- Go to Edit Point — Ctrl+Alt+→ or Ctrl+Alt+←
- Select where the pointer is located – £. or ⇧⌘, / Shift+Ctrl+. or Shift+Ctrl+,
- Annotate to the lower part of the pointer where it is located — £/ / Shift+Ctrl+/
- Split/Join Tag — ⇧⌘` / Shift+Ctrl+`
- Delete the start and end tags where the pointer is located – £` / Shift+Ctrl+;
- Insert Image Width and Height Properties — £I / Ctrl + U
- Evaluating math expressions — £Y / Shift+Ctrl+Y
- Reflect CSS change values – £R / Shift+Ctrl+R
- Encode/Decode Image to data:URL – ⇧⌃D / Ctrl + `
- Rename Tag – ⇧⌘K / Shift+Ctrl+`

Increase/decrease action

- Increase by 1 - Ctrl + ↑
- Decrease by 1 - Ctrl + ↓
- 0.1 increments - Alt + ↑
- Decreased by 0.1 - Alt + ↓
- 10씩 증가 - ⌥⌘↑ / Shift+Alt+↑
- 10씩 감소 - ⌥⌘↓ / Shift+Alt+↓