---
layout: post
title: "FTPSync - Sublime Text Plug-in #7"
author: "Logger"
thumbnail: "https://img1.daumcdn.net/thumb/R750x0/?scode=mtistory2&fname=https%3A%2F%2Ft1.daumcdn.net%2Fcfile%2Ftistory%2F2527A34D556AF4D626"
tags: 
---


I introduced the FTP plug-in earlier, but the purchase recommendation window appears frequently. If you want a simple function, the plug-in you`re looking at will be enough.

### Introducing FTPSync

Simple, free plug-in for FTP synchronization. Just save it as usual and it is sent to the destination.

- Multiple named upload targets
- Ignored file regex patterns
- Secure transport with TLS
- Download using temporary files (more reliable)
- Check for new remote files, preventing overwriting
- Upload/download multiple files and folders manually via the sidebar contact menu
- Multiple concurrent tasks for upload and download
- Local and remote names can be changed and deleted
- Show progress bar for multiple uploads/downloads
- Remote scanning and manipulation through file lists

### FTPSync Installation

- After executing the sublime text, command Palette is recalled with the shortcut Ctrl+Shift+P.
- Select Package Control: Install Package, which is automatically completed when `install` is entered, and press Enter.
- When FTPSync is detected by typing `ftp`, select it and press Enter to install it.

### How to use FTPSync

- Select > FTPSync > Setup FTPSync in this folder, for example, a project registered with the sidebar or an open folder.
- ftpsync.settings are created in the folder and are automatically loaded.
- Set this file by referring to the below.
` {
`primary`: {
host: `ftp.mywebsite.com`,
username: `johnsmith`,
password: `secretpassword`,
path: `/www/`,

upload_on_save: true,
tls: true
}
}
`

If saving a password to a file is reluctant, or if you want to enter it manually, give a null (without quotation marks) value.

### FTPSync Disadvantages and Precautions

- SFTP is not supported and is not in the plan.
- SSL/TLS does not support this for servers running SSL_REUSE.
- After manual work, continuous monitoring and synchronization are not supported.
- Proxy connection is not supported.
- It does not support instantaneous remote diff.
- It does not support special characters in instantaneous remote paths.

For a detailed description of the settings, see All settings.