---
layout: post
title: "Minify - Sublime Text Plug-in #10"
author: "Logger"
thumbnail: "https://img1.daumcdn.net/thumb/R750x0/?scode=mtistory2&fname=https%3A%2F%2Ft1.daumcdn.net%2Fcfile%2Ftistory%2F25498239556E5EBE02"
tags: 
---


If you look at the libraries being distributed, the compressed version of xxx.Find tools to help you create files such as min.js.

### Introducing Minify

Minify is a plug-in that compresses HTML, CSS, Javascript, and SVG files currently open in sub-lime text. The compressed file is `*.It creates a new file that is specified as min.js`. It can also be configured to generate .map files to restore compressed CSS and JS.

It has been tested on Linux, Windows, and OS X, and works on both sub-lime text2 and sub-lime text3.

### Installing Minify

Below is the installation method for Windows.

- After executing the sublime text, command Palette is recalled with the shortcut Ctrl+Shift+P.
- Select Package Control: Install Package, which is automatically completed when `install` is entered, and press Enter.
- When `minify` is found, select it and press Enter to install it.
- Windows and OS X users click the install button in nodejs and run the downloaded file to install it.
- When installation is complete, open a command prompt and enter `node --version` to check version information. If the version information is confirmed, the PATH setting is normal, and if an error message is posted, the node cannot be used, so it must be corrected.
- The Node.js CLI application must be installed. Open the terminal (command prompt) and enter the code below.
BASH
`npm install -g clean-css-cli uglifycss js-beautify html-minifier uglify-js minjson svgo
`
- Similarly, to verify PATH, enter `cleanss --version` at the command prompt to verify the version (cleanss, uglifyss, js-beautify, uglifjs, html-minifier, minjson and svgo).

### How to Use Minify

Windows users create files that are compressed with Ctrl+Alt+M in the same directory. OS X users use Super+Alt+M. Alternatively, you can right-click the contact menu in the sub-lime text window and proceed to Minify.

Ctrl+Shift+Alt+M reverts the compressed version.It is specified as beautiful. OS X users use Super+Alt+Shift+M.

Only saved files work, so keep in mind that you save the files first.