---
layout: post
title: "Teestory Latest Articles, Understanding Category Thumbnail Extraction"
author: "Logger"
thumbnail: "undefined"
tags: 
---


The T-Story Skin does not disclose the gallery-type category (search results) and replacement patients who print images of the latest articles. Of course, T-Story supports this for mobile skins, but regular skin makers need a different way because they are not public.

### Image extraction with Ajax

To overcome these challenges, T-Story Skin makers are either importing entire pages using Ajax or implementing image extraction using RSS.

The implementation of T-story Ajax may vary from manufacturer to producer, but there are two main methods.

When using Ajax, specifying `dataType: `html` as a data parsing method for the URL from which information is extracted brings the entire document corresponding to the URL.

- All elements present in the document are accessible.
- Metadata about open graph structures can be accessed (described below).
- Specifying data that has been passed over from Ajax to use the jQuery selector will download all the content contained in the document. In other words, if the documentation received by Ajax contains 10 images, all 10 are downloaded, adversely affecting the loading speed.

```js
var href = "http://webdir.tistory.com/467"

$.ajax({
url: href,
dataType:'html',
success:function(data){
var imgSrc = $(data).filter('meta[property="og:image"]').attr('content');
}
});

```

When `$(data)` is designated as a selector above, all information of the document is requested.

> I don't know how to select the desired element using the jQuery selector other than the above method.

Looking at the implementation method of Yongtsukin, we use a method to extract the path of the image by retrieving the data that came over to Ajax as a string. This approach does not download all of the content contained in the document as mentioned above. However, it is not easy to access elements because it is difficult to search for strings and cut only the parts you want. Recently, the skin I am working on used a regular expression to approach.

When using Ajax, the URL for extracting information is designated as an xml document in the T-story RSS, and the method of data parsing "data: `xml` is used to obtain data parsed in xml using the RSS provided by T-story. To do this, the RSS setting part of the preference → writing → disclosure policy should be changed to full disclosure.

- RSS Disclosure Required
- Since the xml document itself is written in code only, there is no additional download element for access using the jQuery selector.
- If there are many RSS subscribers, access may be lower than the RSS partial public blog.
- Since documents parsed by RSS consist only of information corresponding to a given structure, they cannot acquire all the information contained in the original article.
- Since there is no way to verify an image selected as a representative image, the image that appears for the first time in the document is recognized and extracted as a representative image. To overcome this, a representative must enter a specific code for each image to be used as a beauty, or always write an image that first appears in the text as a representative image.
- It should be used in conjunction with the html parsing method mentioned above because the number of RSSs that can be issued is limited.

Except for the replacement patients provided by T-Story, the information that can be obtained is the category that corresponds to the last classification of the article (not the entire category structure), the content included in the text, and the tag degree.

### Extract metadata from open graph structure

T-Story uses an open graph protocol to share writings on social media. The protocol communicates the following information using meta-tags.

```html
<meta property="og:type" content="website">
<meta property="og:url" content="http://webdir.tistory.com/465">
<meta property="og:site_name" content="WEBDIR">
£meta property="og:title" content="Understanding WordPress Translation">
If you are interested in £meta property="og:description" content="wordpress," there are times when you are troubled by ambiguous Korean translations and non-Korean plug-ins." I search the relevant data and summarize the things I learned. Understanding WordPress' translation system WordPress has a multilingual support system using language files. This can be divided into basic WordPress language files and plug-in language files, and if you translate and replace those language files, you can use the phrase you want.">
<meta property="og:image" content="https://t1.daumcdn.net/cfile/tistory/2207003455F206D30A">
<meta property="article:section" content="IT 인터넷">
```

- Scheduled, Private : Protocol not supported
- Protected article: except `og:image` and `og:description`

"og:image" allows images selected as representative images to be printed from among several images contained in a single article, and there is no way to specify them in the image output method using RSS, which is followed by the extraction of the first image of the document or the assignment of a specific class.

> I am familiar with writing most articles manually tagged in HTML mode or using markdown grammar, but I do not think the public would like it.

This has the appropriate information to access and extract strings when using the `html` data parsing method for Ajax calls. The following is part of an example of using this.

```html
<ul>
<li class="thumb-list">
<a class="thumb-link" href="http://webdir.tistory.com/470">Tistory Latest, Understanding Category Thumbnail Extraction</a>
</li>
</ul>

<script>
$(document).ready(function() {

//Ajax call and execute image classification function
var ajaxData = [],
data,
target = $('.thumb-list'); //by target of thumbnail

target.each(function() {
var $this = $(this),
link = $this.find('.thumb-link').attr('href'); //Ajax call address

ajaxData.push(
$.ajax({
url: link,
dataType: "html"
})
.done(function (data) {
var defin = new $.Deferred();
checkSort ($this, data); //execute classification function
})
);
});

function checkSort(target, data) {
var loadData = data,
regImg = '/<meta.*property="og:image".*content=".+cfile.+"."*>/' //regular expression for extracting representative images from open graph structures
imgData = loadData.match(regImg) ? loadData.match(regImg)[0] : "none"; //매칭
....
}

});
</script>

```

We should consider skin production focusing on whether to take advantage of traffic and loading speed by using RSS or give users freedom to choose their representative image.

Recently, new replacement patients appeared when the official reaction skin of T-story was released, but the thumbnail-related parts were not used, so the method using Ajax seems to be the only alternative for a while. I`m just glad to see the appearance of a replacement who can get a summary of the article and a category!