---
layout: post
title: "jQuery Old Versions and Latest Versions Mixed - jQuery Migrate"
author: "Logger"
thumbnail: "undefined"
tags: 
---


jQuery can have problems with compatibility between code written earlier than version 1.9 and code written later. insert plug-ins or other scripts that require the latest version of jQuery into pages written with older jQueryWhen you look at it, you can use jQueryMigrate as one of the ways to solve it.

### jQuery Migrate 소개

This plug-in is used to detect and restore APIs that were removed from version jQuery 1.9. For more information about the messages that the plug-in generates, see the warning page. For more information on changing to jQuery 1.9 please refer to the upgrade guide and blog.

### How to install jQuery Migrate

Insert jQuery into the web page, followed by a migration.

```html
<script src="http://code.jquery.com/jquery-1.9.0.js"></script>
<script src="http://code.jquery.com/jquery-migrate-1.2.1.js"></script>

```

This plugin can include a version of jQuery 1.64 that identifies potential upgrade problems with previous jQMIGRATE console alerts. However, plug-ins require version 1.9.0 or later to restore unused and removed features.

### download jQueryMigrate

To facilitate the discovery and removal of features that jQuery developers do not use, the developer version of the plug-in outputs a warning message to the console of the browser. Browsers that do not support consoles, such as IE7, do not generate messages unless they include debugging libraries such as Firebug Lite before inserting Migrate. Developers can also examine an array of jQuery.migrateWarnings to identify any messages generated.

This version provides a console warning message when using unused or removed APIs. During debugging and development, use this version to report to jQuery team if a bug is found.

- Recently released development version: This file is available using jQuery`s CDN and can be hot-linked if desired. http://code.jquery.com/jquery-migrate-1.2.1.js
- Current Task Progress Build: This file is a recent update to the plugin, but may not have been sufficiently tested. http://code.jquery.com/jquery-migrate-git.js

The reduced file for service is compressed and does not generate console alerts. Do not use this file during the development phase that requires debugging. It will make your life miserable.

- Recently released development version: jQuery CDN is http://code.jquery.com/jquery-migrate-1.2.1.min.js and can be hot-link.
- Current Task Progress Build: This file is a recent update to the plugin, but may not have been sufficiently tested. It is not recommended to use this file in actual service and please use the above file. http://code.jquery.com/jquery-migrate-git.min.js

### Migrate Plugin API

The plug-in adds three attributes to the jQuery object, which can be used to programmatically control and examine behavior.

This property is an array of strings for warning messages generated sequentially by the code on the page. Messages appear in the array only once, even if called several times by jQuery.migrateReset().

When this property is set to `true`, console alerts generated by debugging versions can be prevented. The "jQuery.migrateWarnings" array can be programmed without console output if this property is maintained.

When this property is set to `false`, a warning is desired but is not displayed on the console.

This method deletes the list of messages already viewed from the "jQuery.migrateWarnings" array.