---
layout: post
title: "Windows System Image Backup and Recovery"
author: "Logger"
thumbnail: "https://img1.daumcdn.net/thumb/R750x0/?scode=mtistory2&fname=https%3A%2F%2Ft1.daumcdn.net%2Fcfile%2Ftistory%2F234E743C5559442604"
tags: 
---


Learn how to use your own image backup in Windows.

> It was tested in Windows 8.1, but the same is true in other versions.

### Windows System Image Backup

- Control Panel > System and Security > File History > System Image Backup
- Specify Backup Location - Select Hard Disk (except C:)
- Specify which drives to include in the backup - Use default values
When specifying a drive, it includes hidden partitions such as system reservations. If such partitions are not visible, they are installed according to the installation method that does not create a system reservation space.
- Start Backup

### Windows System Image Recovery

- Select Win + I Call Set Chamba > Change PC Settings
- Go to Update and Recovery
- Recovery > Advanced Startup Options - Select the Restart button
- Select Troubleshooting
- Advanced Options
- Select System Image Recovery
- It reboots and system image recovery begins.
- Select Account > Enter Password
- It shows the most up-to-date system image to be recovered.
Selecting the Select System Image option enables you to select another image that is backed up
- Select next without setting additional options
- Just
- Would you like to go on? > Yes
- Start Restore
- When the work is finished, the computer restarts.

### To recover when booting is not possible

- If it is not possible to boot, it will attempt to boot automatically a few times before showing advanced startup options.
- It is also possible to recover a system image using Windows installation media.