---
layout: post
title: "jQuery Migrate Plugin - Warning Messages"
author: "Logger"
thumbnail: "undefined"
tags: 
---


jQuery Migrate Plugin - Warning Messages의 번역

When migrating past jQuery code, developers should have an environment to output console alert messages using the development (non-compressed) version to identify compatibility issues and solve problems. The message represents each unique message to the console only once.

> In most cases, this message simply outputs an alert, and although it will work properly while using jQueryMigrate, it is recommended that the code be changed to avoid the need for this plug-in.

The production version does not generate this warning, but still poses compatibility issues.

All warnings generated by this plug-in begin with the word `jQMIGRATE` for easy identification, and the warning messages, causes and instructions are as follows.

### JQMIGRATE: Logging is active

This is not a warning, but it is displayed on the first load to inform you that the console log message will be visible when appropriate. Do not display this message or warning if a reduced version of the plug-in is in use or if "jQuery.migrateMute" is set to true before the plug-in is loaded.

### JQMIGRATE: jQuery.attrFn is deprecated

Prior to jQuery 1.8 an undocumented `jQuery.attrFn` object was supported by the `$(html,props)` method. This is no longer needed in jQuery 1.8; however, some developers read the source, found it, and started using it. Their code still anticipates that there will be `jQuery.attrFn` and attempts to assign that value, but it causes an error.

Make sure you use at least the jQuery UI version (1.8.21 or later) and jQuery Mobile (1.2.1 or later). Do not use `jQuery.attrFn` anymore. If you are using a third-party plug-in that uses the string `attrFn`, report the use to the plugin author.

### JQMIGRATE: $(html) HTML strings must start with '<' character

The HTML string passed from jQuery 1.9 to `$()` should begin with a tag. That is, the first character in the string must be `<`. No leading characters, including spaces, can be located.

This is done to reduce the possibility of mistakes running scripts that may exist in HTML obtained from URLs, AJAX, or other sources. Do not allow spaces or text to appear first, such as HTMM with simple characters such as `$("<div/>")` or `$("<p>hello</p>").

Parsing any HTML, especially from external sources `$.Use the `parseHTML()` method. Use `$ ($.parseHTML("string")` to obtain jQuery objects with parsed HTML without running scripts.

To run a script in HTML, use `$($.parseHTML("string", document, true)`. We have a string `$` bypassing this check.Trim()` is not recommended.

### JQMIGRATE: $(html) text after last tag is ignored

The HTML string passed to `$()` must be a tag at the beginning and end. All characters following the last tag are ignored. Upgrade to jQuery 1.9 and `$.If `parseHTML()` is used, leading or trailing characters will not be ignored, and text nodes will be part of the returned data.

Usually, these warnings are due to errors in HTML strings where characters are present where they should not exist. If it is not part of a collection, `$.Remove leading or trailing characters before passing a string to `parseHTML()`.

As an alternative, to remove all top-level text nodes from the set, leaving only elements ($.parseHTML(html).The filter ("*")` can also be used.

### JQMIGRATE: Can't change the 'type' of an input or button in IE 6/7/8

If IE6, 7, and 8 attempt to change the input or button element type property, an error occurs. Before jQuery 1.9, jQuery caused errors in all browsers for this behavior. After jQuery 1.9, type settings are allowed, but older IE still causes errors.

To maintain compatibility with older IE, do not change the type property of the input element. Instead, bypass the code by creating new elements and replacing the old one.

### JQMIGRATE: jQuery is not compatible with Quirks Mode

When the browser is running in Quirks Mode, the HTML document will be `<!doctype ...The first line becomes like an empty line or the document type of the file is invalidated because it does not have >`. This mode causes the browser to run in the 1990s (HTML3) behavior.

IE also invalidates many high-performance APIs that perform better than previous browsers. jQuery did not perform compatibility and testing in quirks mode.

Declare the correct DOCTYPE (document type) and operate in standard mode. HTML5`s Simple `<!recommend doctype>` The jQueryMigrate plugin does not fix the problem in quirks mode.

### JQMIGRATE: jQuery.boxModel is deprecated

### JQMIGRATE: jQuery.support.boxModel is deprecated

These two missing properties were represented as true in standard mode and false in Quirks mode. Quirks mode is never supported in jQuery, so this property has been removed.

Do not use Quirks mode in jQuery, it will never be supported.

### JQMIGRATE: jQuery.parseJSON requires a valid JSON string

before jQuery 1.9.0 `$.The `parseJSON()` method returned `null` as a result without causing some invalid JSON strings to fail. The same was true of `JSON.parse()` method. The two methods are `$` in 1.9.0 as the value of the empty string is sorted.It is not considered valid for `parseJSON()`.

If `"" or `false` is to be treated as `null` considering the same value, then `$`.Check before calling `parseJSON()`. This code is sufficient in most cases if it was returned null without any other error notification when treating an empty string as false.

```js
var json = $.parseJSON(jsonString || "null");

```

Your code is `$`.Unless called `parseJSON()` directly, AJAX will probably be used to retrieve JSON values from servers that return empty strings to a content body other than a valid JSON response, such as null or {}.

If an invalid JSON cannot be resolved from a server response, the response can be retrieved by text.

```js
$.ajax({
url: "...",
dataType: "text",
success: function( text ) {
var json = text? $.parseJSON(text) : null;
...
}
});

```

### JQMIGRATE: jQuery.browser is deprecated

The `jQuery.sub()` method provided an incomplete method for plugins that disconnect themselves from changes to jQuery objects. Due to its shortcomings, it was banned from using version 1.8 and removed from version 1.9.

It uses the jQuery migration plug-in or extracts `jQuery.sub()` from plug-in sources and applications to rewrite code that relies on `jQuery.sub().

### JQMIGRATE: 'hover' pseudo-event is deprecated, use 'mouseenter mouseleave'

Until jQuery 1.9 "hovers" were allowed as aliases for "mouseenter mouseleave" when connecting event handlers. This particular exception did not provide any real benefit and prevented the use of the name "hover" as a twigger event.

Caution: this is not related to the `.hover()` method that is no longer in use.

Instead of "hovers", it uses `on(), `bind(), `delegate()`, or `live()` event handler.

### JQMIGRATE: jQuery.fn.error() is deprecated

The method `$().error()` was used to associate an "error" event with an element, but `$.It was removed from 1.9 to reduce confusion with the error()` method. In addition, `$` (window) does not work because it does not follow the `window.onerror` standard event handler rule.It plays a role in suppressing temptations to use error().

`$().on("error",fn)` to `$().Change to error(fn)`.

### JQMIGRATE: jQuery.fn.toggle(handler, handler...) is deprecated

There are two completely different meanings for the method "toggle(). The use of `toggle()` is not affected by showing or hiding elements. The use of `toggle()` as a specialized click handler was prohibited in 1.8 and removed in 1.9.

We rewrite code that relies on `$().toggle()` by using the jQuery migration plug-in or by extracting `$().toggle()` from plug-in sources and applications.

### JQMIGRATE: jQuery.fn.live() is deprecated; jQuery.fn.die() is deprecated

The `live()` and `die()` methods are no longer supported because they are banned from being used in 1.7 due to their performance and usefulness.

Rewrite `live()` by using `on()` or `delegate()`. Instructions for this are provided in the live() API documentation manual.

### JQMIGRATE: AJAX events should be attached to document

In jQuery 1.9 global Ajax events (ajaxStart, ajaxStop, ajaxSend, ajaxComplete, ajaxError, ajaxSuccess) occur only in the "document" element.

Change the program that receives the Ajax event in the document. For example, if the code is currently below:

```js
$("#status").ajaxStart(function(){ $(this).text("Ajax started"); });

```

Change like this:

```js
$(document).ajaxStart(function(){ $("#status").text("Ajax started"); });

```

### JQMIGRATE: Global events are undocumented and deprecated

jQuery 1.9 does not support global trigger events. The only documented global event was the Ajax event, and now it only occurs in `documents`. The jQuery external code does not provide a documented interface for global events to occur.

Changes the program in a way that avoids the use of global events. The jQuery migration plug-in warns about this problem, but does not restore previous behavior because it is not documented.

### JQMIGRATE: jQuery.event.handle is undocumented and deprecated

`jQuery.event.handle` was never documented, was banned from jQuery 1.7 and removed from 1.9.

Use documented jQuery APIs such as trigger.

### JQMIGRATE: jQuery.fn.attr('value') no longer gets properties

Prior to jQuery 1.9 `$.attr().attr("value")` acquired value property instead of value attachment (usually reflecting the value read from HTML tags). This selector caused inconsistent behavior referring to value attributes.

The form control uses `$().val()` and the other element `$().It uses prop ("value") to obtain current values and explicitly limits the use of `[value=...]` in select boxes and `option` elements.

### JQMIGRATE: jQuery.fn.attr('value', val) no longer sets properties

Prior to jQuery 1.9 the `$().attr("value", value property` was set instead of value attribute. This selector caused inconsistent behavior referring to value attributes.

The form control uses `$().val(val)` and the other element is `$().Set the current value to prop ("value", val").

### JQMIGRATE: jQuery.fn.attr('selected') may use property instead of attribute

Prior to jQuery 1.9 , such as `$().attr().checked")` was sometimes used as checked, checked property instead of attributes when interacting with non-XML elements, despite the fact that the browser and HTML specification properties (current state) might be different from attribue (initial value/default state). It existed in previous versions that did not provide `$().prop`.

Boolean attributes should not normally be passed to `$().attr`; if the default HTML attribute is not updated, `$().Replace with prop`.

### JQMIGRATE: deferred.pipe() is deprecated

The `pipe()` method of the `jQuery.Deferred` object was disabled in 1.8 and the `then()` method was changed to perform the same function.

In most cases, it is sufficient to change all items from `pipe()` to `then() Ensure that you aren`t relying on context/state propagation (e.g., using this) or synchronous callback invocation, which were dropped from .then() for Promises/A+ interoperability as of jQuery 3.0.

### JQMIGRATE: deferred.isResolved() is deprecated

### JQMIGRATE: deferred.isRejected() is deprecated

In jQuery 1.7 the `isResolved()` and `isRejected` methods of the `jQuery.Deferred` object are prohibited. Both were removed from 1.8 and are no longer available in later versions.

To determine the status of the Deferred object, call `deferred.state()` and check the string value of `resolved` or `rejected`.

### JQMIGRATE: jQuery.clean() is deprecated

`jQuery.buildFragment()` and `jQuery.clean()` are internal undocumented methods. The signature of "jQuery.buildFragment()" was changed in jQuery 1.8 and 1.9 and "jQuery.clean()" was removed in 1.9. However, it should be noted that there are some plug-ins or other codes that use them.

Use them or rewrite code written in other undocumented ways. For example, the `jQuery.parseHTML()` method was introduced in jQuery 1.8 and can be attached to a piece of document to convert HTML into an array of DOM elements.

### JQMIGRATE: Use of jQuery.fn.data('events') is deprecated

Prior to 1.9 "data" ("events") would acquire an undocumented internal data structure of the element jQuery if no other code had defined a data element named "event". This particular case was removed from 1.9.

There is no public interface to acquire internal data structures, and they remain undocumented. It can only be debugged in useful applications. The data is available through `jQuery._data ("events"), but is not a documented interface.

### JQMIGRATE: HTML string cannot start with a '#' character

Some pages use code similar to `$(location.hash)`, thinking that it will be an ID value encoded in the page. But the attacker said, "#<script>...A cross-site scripting (XSS) can be created using a string similar to </script> to execute code that hoops user data. The migration plugin cannot use this type of string.

If you create HTML that requires absolutely leading text, `$.It uses `parseHTML` and delivers results to `$()`.

### JQMIGRATE: jQuery.fn.andSelf() replaced by jQuery.fn.addBack()

The `andSelf()` method was renamed from jQuery 1.9 to `addBack()` to reflect the purpose of re-addition of the previous setting of the result.

It replaces `andSelf()` with `addBack()`.

### JQMIGRATE: jQuery.fn.size() is deprecated; use the .length property

The `size()` method currently replicates a more efficient `length` property that returns the number of elements in a jQuery object but provides the same functionality. In jQuery 1.9 the property `length` is a good way to acquire this value.

It replaces `size()` with `length`.

### JQMIGRATE: jQuery.swap() is undocumented and deprecated

The `jQuery.swap()` method temporarily exchanges a set of CSS attributes. It is not documented and unavailable as part of the jQuery public API, but it can cause performance problems due to forced deployment.

To avoid calling `jQuery.swap()`, you can either rework the code or restore the properties that need to be explicitly set and changed.