---
layout: post
title: "Modularize Scripts - Require.js #1"
author: "Logger"
thumbnail: "undefined"
tags: 
---


JavaScript (JS) does not support modularity between files on its own, so maintaining it requires contamination of global variables and interference. You can use module patterns to maintain minimal interference, dynamically load scripts to download only what you need, and optimize them, but as files grow and code gets longer, you need tools to manage them systematically. Learn about Require.js, one of the libraries that complements this.

### Introducing Require.js

Require.js is a JS module loader file built on the basis of the Asynchronous Module Definition (AMD). This modulates JS code and solves the dependency problem between modules, making it easier to grasp code and helping to manage it. We also optimize script loading through lazy-loading.

> AMD is a group organized to implement the standard for JS modularity in asynchronous browser situations.

- IE 6+
- Firefox 2+
- Safari 3.2+
- Chrome 3+
- Opera 10+

Looking at the features below will help you understand.

Previously, JS was structured as a module pattern in one or several files, with minimal global exposure. For maintaining this, it was necessary to pay attention to variables, functions, objects, etc. exposed throughout the world and to be structured into module patterns even when adding something new.

Require.js is based on a structure that does not expose anything to the entire world, and for other libraries and files that do not support it, the settings allow it to be exposed to the entire world. In order not to expose modules globally, it is composed of one file per module and it can be specified that it can be exposed so that it can be accessed from outside of modules using `return`.

Another obstacle to maintaining JS code is identifying dependencies. Identifying which parts of the code take from other modules or libraries is challenging, which may be the task of understanding the entire structure. Furthermore, since the browser requires downloading of the files it attempts to access over the network, Requier.js writes dependency code to the entry according to a given grammar when it defines or invokes a module, allowing it to grasp the relationship at a glance.

Dynamic loading has been used as a technique for loading scripts only when necessary as follows.

```js
function loadScript(url, callback) {
var scriptEl = document.createElement('script');
scriptEl.type = 'text/javascript';
// IE uses onreadystatechange
scriptEl.onload = function () {
callback();
};
scriptEl.src = url;
document.getElementsByTagName('head')[0].appendChild(scriptEl);
}

loadScript('example.js', function () {
// run when sample.js is finished loading
});

```

Because Require.js consists of modularity, automatically invoking something loads the required module, checks the required dependencies on the module, and loads what is needed again. If it has already been loaded once, a dynamic load is configured to automatically load only what is needed by utilizing the cache.

Sometimes multiple libraries are used, or different versions of the same library are used. Some collide with each other using the same global variables (like prototype and jQuery).

Each version can be modularized separately using Require.js, or replaced with a different module ID instead of calling it with the ID given to the module.

### File Request.js

Require.js takes a different approach to loading scripts using generic `script` tags. This is to be quickly executed and optimized, while the main goal is to be modular code. As part of this, it is recommended to use module IDs instead of URLs in the `script` tag.

Require.js calls up all codes through the relative path at the location set to baseUrl. BaseUrl typically has the same path as the top-level script with the `data-main` property set as shown below, and the data-main property specifies where require.js starts loading the script.

```html
<!-- Set baseUrl in the "scripts" directory and recall a script with the module ID 'main' -->
<script data-main="scripts/main" src="scripts/require.js"></script>

```

BaseUrl can also be set directly through the RequireJS Config. If there is no explicit Config setting and the data-main property is not used, baseUrl is the directory containing the HTML page where Require.js runs.

Although the description is complicated, it is to insert the require.js file into the document, set the script file that require.js first invokes, and set the default directory as baseUrl.

> Requier.js basically assumes that all dependent files are script files (js). That's why.js' can be omitted from the module ID and added .js when interpreted automatically.

### Defining and Using the Require.js Module

The module in Requir.js does not pollute the global namespace and is an object with a scope. This allows us to easily identify the list of dependencies, manipulate dependencies without having to refer to global objects, and hand over the corresponding dependencies to the factors of the function. The module in Require.js is an extension of the module pattern, adding to the advantage of not requiring a global object to refer to other modules.

The Require.js syntax allows modules to be loaded as quickly as possible, sorting them in the correct order of dependencies, even if they are not ordered, and allowing various versions of modules to be recalled on a single page because global variables are not generated. Only one module per file must be defined, which can be grouped into batches through an optimization tool.

If a module does not have any dependence and consists of a name/value, it can be defined in the way of object literal.

```js
define({
color: "black",
size: "unisize"
});

```

Although the module does not have dependencies, it adds functions within `define()` if a function is required for operation.

```js
 define(function () {
//Do setup work here

return {
color: "black",
size: "unisize"
}
});

```

If a module contains dependencies, it should list the dependency name as an array as the first factor, and the second factor should be a function definition. The function invokes a define to the module when all dependencies are called in. The function must return the object that defines the module, and the dependencies must be in the same order as the sequence of the array of dependencies in the form of function factors in the defined function.

```js
define(["./cart", "./inventory"], function(cart, inventory) {
return {
color: "blue",
size: "large",
addToCart: function() {
inventory.decrement(this);
cart.add(this);
}
}
}
);

```

In the example above, the module is a structure dependent on /cart and /inventory, and function calls describe two factors. The function is not called until both of these dependencies are loaded.

When calling `define()`, the module name can also be specified as the first factor.

```js
define("foo/title",
["my/cart", "my/inventory"],
function(cart, inventory) {
//Define foo/title object in here.
}
);

```

This form is typically produced by optimizer tools. The name of the module can be specified, but this limits its mobility. Since location movement of files occurs frequently during development, it is best to avoid naming modules and automatically create names by optimization tools because of the hassle of changing names. The optimizer tool adds a name so that one or more modules can be merged into a single file to speed up the browser`s loading.