---
layout: post
title: "CSS event control (pointer-events) properties"
author: "Logger"
thumbnail: "undefined"
tags: 
---


It is often thought that hiding an element that has been given an event will not work. Most of them reflect the intended results, but if the method used for processing hidden was using the `opacity` property, it would be invisible but would respond to events in that area. In order to enforce this control, the `pointer-events` property must be utilized and additional information is described below.

### Properties based on hidden processing properties

The CSS properties used to hide elements have their own characteristics. Let`s refer to the table below.

| Hidden Properties and Values | Space Occupation | Events | Tab (<kbd>Tab</kbd>

) Approach |
| ---------------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------- |
| Occupancy | Active | Possible | | |
| Occupied | Inactive | Impossible | |
| Non-occupancy in table only | Inactive | Impossible | |
| Non-occupancy | Inactive | Impossible | |

While it would be good to use attributes where events are inactive, there is no other way to hide them than "opacity" if the elements have a frame-by-frame effect such as transition or animation. To make matters worse, if an element is given a fixed position (ex. position: fixed), it increases the risk of causing unwanted events.

### point-events properties

In some cases, as shown above, it may be necessary to remove or reactivate the events granted to the element. pointer-events is a property that allows the response of mouse/touch events (CSShover/active, JS click/tap, cursor drag, etc.) in HTML elements.

```css
.hidden {
opacity: 0;
pointer-events: none;
}

```

The pointer-events property has 11 attribute values, but all but three are reserved for use by SVG. The following three attribute values are available in HTML elements.

- none : The click, status (hover, active, etc.) and cursor options defined in the HTML element are disabled.
- auto : returns the disabled event back to its default function.
- Inherit: inherits the pointer-events value from the parent element.