---
layout: post
title: "Responsive Web Design"
author: "Logger"
thumbnail: "https://img1.daumcdn.net/thumb/R750x0/?scode=mtistory2&fname=https%3A%2F%2Ft1.daumcdn.net%2Fcfile%2Ftistory%2F2559BB4957CF4FFA25"
tags: 
---


Query reactive web and media

Reactive web design is the creation of a website that works properly on every device on a mobile or desktop and every screen size large and small.

Reactive web design focuses on providing an intuitive and satisfying experience for everyone, and provides the same benefits and usability for both desktop and phone users.

The reactive web design response web design term was coined by Ethan Marcotte.

Named by a web design pioneer named Ethan Marcotte, the "Responsive Web Design" technique allows you to change the layout according to the width of your browser window.

Reactive web design, also known as RWD, allows users to provide pages with the easiest-to-read layout to fit their display size without creating multiple versions of the site.

RWD is not a single technology design technique, but combines several CSS and HTML technologies to create a page with a layout that fits the screen size.

RWD combines three concepts:

- The layout uses flexible grids.
- Flexible media is used for images and videos.
- Creating styles that fit the width of the screen is solved through CSS media query.

If you use a flexible grid, you do not create a fixed width layout. Because the size of the smartphone screen varies, so it doesn`t fit the fixed width layout at all. Instead, you should be able to grow or decrease the page to fit the display size.

This is related to the concept of flexible layout.

Flexible media should allow images or videos to be displayed in a given area.

In other words, the large monitor produces a large picture, and the small screen.

Finally, Media Query is a CSS technique that allows you to vary the style that you send to your browser depending on your current status.

For example, you might want a particular style to be rendered if the window is less than 480 pixels wide, and a different style to be applied if it is more than 760 pixels wide. Besides, it`s not something that can be based on broadness. You can also distinguish between styles that apply when your tablet is in landscape mode and styles that apply to high pixel aggregation displays, such as retina displays used on iPhones and iPads.

### Media Query

The concept of media query was introduced in CSS3.

With technology that allows you to choose the style that matches the width and height of the browser where the page will be sent, you can create a separate style for your smartphone, the style that fits your tablet, and the style that fits your desktop browser to display.

The goal of reactive design is to show the most readable page for site visitors. Usually, it means determining the optimal design based on the width of the browser.

Smartphones, tablets, and desktop monitors are most commonly used for web browsing, so you`ll be the first to think of these three types of displays.

However, there are many variations in these devices.

There are small smartphones, large smartphones, and 7-inch and 10-inch tablets. And the width varies by device.

So you have to remember what your goal is.

The goal of the reactive digin is to create pages that change to be readable by the width of the window.

So if you want to know when the first or second tier layout is good to see and when the fourth tier layout is good to see, you will have to test it differently from the width and layout of the window.

### creating a media query

A query is a question to a web browser.

"Is the browser width 480 now?" If correct, the browser will bring up a style sheet that fits that size.

This is not much different from using a regular external style sheet.

Basic Grammar of Media Query

```css
 @media only screen and (max-width:786px) {
width:100%;
}
```

The `only` keyword is a keyword that allows only browsers that support media queries to interpret it.

In other words, the keyword `only` is a command that only user agents that support media queries should interpret the media query syntax and can be omitted.

When omitted, the default value is treated as `only` and this keyword is not usually created because it is okay to omit it.

You can use the `not` keyword for this position, and you`ll have an operation that denies all the conditions that follows.

For example, `not tv` only applies to all media types except TV.

※ Eye 6, 7, and 8 do not support media queries, so we do not write only keywords.

| |
| |
| |
| |
| |
| |
| |
| |
| |
| |
| |
| |
| |

```css
@media only screen and (max-width: 480px) {
// Code Execution Statement...
}
```

- @mediaA and B {execution statement } - Run when all conditions in A and B are satisfied.
- @mediaA, B{execution statement } - A, B execute even if only one condition is satisfied.

If the condition is unique, or if leading keywords such as `only`, `all` are omitted, the and keywords should not be used.

Use `coma` instead of `and` to perform `OR` operation.

The `OR` operation will interpret {execution statement} even if only one of the listed conditions is true.

And, you can leave out the comma.

```css
@media (min-width:320px) {
// Execution Statement...
}
@media (min-width:320px) and (max-width:768px) {
// Execution Statement...
}
```

- The browser processes {execution statement} when the condition statement is true and ignores it when it is false.
- You can create more than one condition statement.
- At least two conditional statements must be linked with the `and` keyword or comma ``, symbol
- {Execution Statement} Write a typical CSS code in this bracket and the browser interprets the CSS code inside the executable when the (conditional statement) is true.

| | | | |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| | | | |
| | | | |
| | | | |
| | | | |
| | | | |
| | | | |
| | | | |
| | | | |

width / height

Define the width and height of the viewport and the size of the viewport is an area that displays HTML body content, which is different from the size of the actual screen.

The most commonly used condition for reactive web implementations.

```css
' // Run if the viewport width is greater than 768px 'and' 1024px or less
@media all and (min-width:768px) and (max-width:1024px) {
/* Create Style */
}

// Run if viewport width is 768px or 'or' 1024px
@media all and (width:768px), (width:1024px) {
/* Create Style */
}

// viewport width greater than 768px 'and' 1024px or less 'or' run
@media not all and (min-width:768px) and (max-width:1024px) {
/* Create Style */
} 
```

device-width / device-height

Defines the width and height of the screen and the screen refers to all areas where the output device can display pixels.

```css
'// Run if screen width is 320px 'and' height is 480px
@media all and (device-width:320px) and (device-height:480px) {
/* Create Style */
}

// Run if screen width is at least 320px 'and' height is at least 480px
@media all and (min-device-width:320px) and (min-device-height:480px) {
/* Create Style */
}
```

orientation

Use the width and height ratio of the viewport to determine whether it is in portrait or landscape mode.

```css
'// portrait mode. Run if the viewport has a relatively large height relative to its width
@media all and (orientation:portrait) {
/* Create Style */
}

// landscape mode. Run if the viewport is relatively large in width compared to its height
@media all and (orientation:landscape) {
/* Create Style */
}
```

aspect-ratio

You can create conditions in order of `width/height` as a ratio to the width and height of the viewport.

The prefix `min/max` allows you to determine the minimum/maximum ratio of the width value.

```css
// Run if viewport width is 16, height is 9 ratio
@media all and (aspect-ratio:16/9) {
/* Create Style */
}

// Run if viewport width is greater than 16/9 ratio
@media all and (min-aspect-ratio:16/9) {
/* Create Style */
}

// Run if viewport width is below 16/9 ratio
@media all and (max-aspect-ratio:16/4) {

}
```

device-aspect-ratio

You can create conditions in order of `width/height` as a ratio to the width and height of the screen.

The prefix `min/max` allows you to determine the minimum/maximum ratio of the width value.

```css
// Run if screen width is 16, height is 9 ratio
@media all and (device-aspect-ratio:16/9) {
/* Create Style */
}

// Run if screen width is greater than 16/9 ratio
@media all and (min-device-aspect-ratio:16/9) {

}

// Run if screen width is less than 16/9 ratio
@media all and (max-device-aspect-ratio:16/9) {

} 
```

resolution

Corresponds with the resolution of the output device.

The prefix `min/max` also corresponds to non-square pixels (printing units), but the prefix-free resolution condition corresponds only to square pixels.

You can use dpi and dpcm units as values for the condition.

```css
// If you provide 96 square pixels per inch, run it
@media all and (resolution:96dpi) {
/* Create Style */
}

// Run if 96 pixels per inch or more are provided
@media all and (min-resolution:96dpi) {
/* Create Style */
}

// Run if 96 pixels per inch or less are provided
@media all and (max-resolution:96dpi) {
/* Create Style */
}
```

### 3 ways to apply media queries

You can distinguish how media queries are applied to HTML as follows:

- How to specify directly in HTML using the <link> tag
- How to use the @media directive and assign it as an internal style within HTML
- How to use the @media directive and assign it to an external style

```undefined
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="ko">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8">
<title>Response Web Design</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" media="all and (max-width:480px) and (orientation:portrait)" href="style/mobile.css" />
<script src="js/script.js"></script>
</head>
```

Interpreting the above code means applying mobile.css if the screen is 480px in size and vertical in the screen direction.

```undefined
<style media="screen">
@media only screen and (max-width: 480px) {
body {
background-color: #a9a9a9;
}
}
</style>
```

This method used @media in HTML, which is not good in terms of structure, expression, and control separation.

The most recommended method is the last one.

```css
'/* For normal browsers */
body {
background-color: red;
}

/* For mobile browsers */
@media screen and (max-width: 480px) { /* iPhone, Android */
body {
background-color: blue;
}
}
```

This is the most recommended approach in terms of structure, representation, and control separation.

```css
@import url(mobile.css) all and (max-width:480px);
```

### precautions when creating media queries

Because the keyword `min-` means minimum or higher, which means increasing, when using `min-`, it must be written in a small order.

```css
@media (min-width:320px) {
/* Code Block... */
}

@media (min-width:768px) {
/* Code Block... */
}

@media (min-width:1024px) {
/* Code Block... */
}
```

The keyword `max-` means maximum or less, which means that it will gradually become smaller, so when using `max-`, it should be written in a large order.

```css
@media (max-width: 1024px) {
/* Code Block... */
}

@media (max-width: 768px) {
/* Code Block... */
}

@media (max-width: 480px) {
/* Code Block... */
}
```

```css
/* Smartphones (portrait and landscape) ----------- */
@media only screen and (min-device-width : 320px) and (max-device-width : 480px) {
/* Styles */
}

/* Smartphones (landscape) ----------- */
@media only screen and (min-width : 321px) {
/* Styles */
}

/* Smartphones (portrait) ----------- */
@media only screen and (max-width : 320px) {
/* Styles */
}

/* iPads (portrait and landscape) ----------- */
@media only screen and (min-device-width : 768px) and (max-device-width : 1024px) {
/* Styles */
}

/* iPads (landscape) ----------- */
@media only screen and (min-device-width : 768px) and (max-device-width : 1024px) and (orientation : landscape) {
/* Styles */
}

/* iPads (portrait) ----------- */
@media only screen and (min-device-width : 768px) and (max-device-width : 1024px) and (orientation : portrait) {
/* Styles */
}

/* Desktops and laptops ----------- */
@media only screen and (min-width : 1224px) {
/* Styles */
}

/* Large screens ----------- */
@media only screen and (min-width : 1824px) {
/* Styles */
}

/* iPhone 4 ----------- */
@media only screen and (-webkit-min-device-pixel-ratio : 1.5), only screen and (min-device-pixel-ratio : 1.5) {
/* Styles */
}
```

### Troubleshooting Internet Explorer 6 to 8 versions of the browser

The latest browsers, including IE9+, have already applied a significant amount of CSS3 specifications to the browser, making it practically standard.

Media queries support IE9+, but for backward compatibility, there is a JavaScript library that allows you to interpret media queries in Internet Explorer 6 to 8 versions of browsers.

The file, called `respond.min.js`, has an unlimited MIT or BSD license with a capacity of approximately 4KB, so it can be downloaded from the github at any time unless you delete the license terms contained in the source code.

Download response.min.js

Inserting the `respond.min.js` file into the tag portion of the HTML document in the following manner will allow IE 6 to 8 versions of the browser to interpret the media query rule:

```undefined
<head>
<!--[if lt IE 9]>
<script type="text/javascript" src="http://domain.com/libs/respond.min.js"></script>
<![endif]-->
</head>
```

Other standard browsers ignore this code and do not request JS files because they used conditional annotations that can only be interpreted by IE browsers.

In a conditional comment, [if lt IE 9] means `[if less than IE 9]`.

This means that it should only be interpreted in browsers below Internet Explorer 9.

### Troubleshooting old mobile browsers

The file `respond.min.js` does not solve the problem of an old mobile browser that does not support media query.

However, the Mobile First CSS strategy can address this issue.

The core of Mobile First is how to write CSS code for mobile outside the media query syntax because old mobile browsers cannot interpret the media query syntax.

Examples of mobile First Codes can be written as follows:

```css
''/* Write the CSS code for mobile here */

@media all and (min-width:768px) {
/* Write CSS code here, not for mobile */
}
```

Because the CSS code for mobile is written outside the media query, all devices interpret the CSS code for mobile.

Interpreting non-mobile code for mobile devices is a problem, but the code for mobile devices is overwritten because the CSS for non-mobile devices is repeatedly declared inside the media query.

Eventually, all mobile devices will be able to interpret CSS code for mobile, whether or not they support media querying, and the code inside the media query syntax does not meet the criteria or does not support media query rules at all.

Non-mobile devices can branch out views of mobile and non-mobile devices by interpreting the inside of the media query syntax.

This approach to developing sub-compatibility of all devices is called progressive (step-by-step) enhancement development.

Mobile First is an incremental enhancement development technique for reactive webs and is an essential consideration of reactive webs.

### How to Create Media Queries for Your Mobile First Strategy

You can create a variety of media queries depending on the comprehensive context, but for code readability, optimization, and maintenance, the following media queries are recommended:

```css
@charset "utf-8";

/* All - All Resolution Public Styles */
/* Create Style */


/* Mobile - Mobile Resolution Only Style */
/* Create Style */


/* Tablet
```

### Problems with media queries

Media queries are used by default when creating a responsive web, because you can apply a variety of CSSs to a single HTML.

However, this approach also has the following disadvantages, so you need to carefully determine whether the project will proceed according to the project configuration.

- In a mobile environment, it is better to reduce the amount of HTML if possible, but HTML using media queries uses existing HTML and controls the screen, so the amount of data that a mobile browser actually needs to receive is often similar to that of a desktop.
- HTML, which is responsible for real data, can be confusing to maintain the desktop and mobile environment (if HTML configuration changes, the mobile environment can change to the screen).
- Unlike viewport settings, media queries also apply to regular browsers, so you might see unwanted screen configurations on your desktop just by resizing (resizing) the browser`s screen.
- The constraints of resources (resources) can also be a big problem. In a mobile environment, you must use fewer images or JavaScript than your desktop. In particular, images are more problematic, and iOS sometimes forces execution to end because it limits the amount of resources available on a single page.
- In tablet environments, the resolution of the screen is high, so CSS for normal desktops can be applied, but since the user sees the tablet as a smart device, they can`t cope with situations they want to see like a mobile screen.

While media queries have significant advantages in being able to produce web pages that respond to your environment, they also have the above challenges.

Therefore, for enterprise-scale web pages, it might be much better to distinguish between web pages for desktops and web pages for mobile rather than forcefully matching the desktop and mobile environment with a single HTML.

Of course, it`s easy in terms of maintenance.

In particular, if you build or renew large-scale web pages, you will be able to proceed with a stable project only if you analyze the content characteristics of the planner and understand the responsive web.