---
layout: post
title: "How and where JavaScript is inserted"
author: "Logger"
thumbnail: "undefined"
tags: 
---


### JavaScript Insertion Method

The way to run JavaScript is to write using the `script` tag in the document or link an external script file.

```html
<script type="text/javascript">
//Code contents
</script>

<script type="text/javascript" src="링크주소"></script>

```

- The "type="text/javascript" section can be omitted from HTML5.
- There is no limit to the placement of scripts anywhere in the document.
- The former is often used for simple scripts or for codes, initializations, etc. that apply only to those documents.
- In the latter case, repeated codes are stored by file and linked as needed. This method is recommended because it is easy to identify the readability, execution order, and dependencies of the code.

### Insert JavaScript from

When the browser encounters JavaScript while rendering the structure and CSS style of HTML, it stops rendering the browser until the interpretation and implementation of it is complete.

This means that depending on where JavaScript is inserted, it affects the sequence of script execution and browser rendering.

```html
<head>
<script>
//Code contents
</script>
</head>

```

- If a heavy script is executed because it interferes with browser rendering, it will expose a screen that has not been completed for a long time.
- Light scripts to initialize or set up documents are frequently used.
- For scripts that require a document object model (DOM) structure, a load event such as `document.onload` must be added to operate without errors.

```html
.....
<script>
//Code contents
</script>
</body>

```

- In the case of a script that changes the content while the browser is rendered, it changes to the exposed body on the screen.
- This is the recommended location for most scripts.
- No additional settings are required as the document`s DOM structure is executed at the time it is completed.