---
layout: post
title: "Document's Loaded Point - onload, DOMContentLoaded"
author: "Logger"
thumbnail: "undefined"
tags: 
---


When creating a Web document, it is common to initialize the document from when it was loaded, and to assign various settings. Learn about the events used to access this point.

Typically, inserting a script before the end of the document (</body>) eliminates the need to process programming using events. However, if a script is inserted in the <head> area of the document or defined in an external file, the event must be linked and processed according to the document`s loading point.

### onload

An event that occurs after all the content (images, scripts, css, etc) of a document is loaded (called a load event).

```js
window.onload = function() {
//Code to be executed
}

```

- Unnecessary loading times may be added to run after all content contained in the document has been loaded.
- Only one `onload` should exist in the same document.
If duplicated, the last declaration is executed.
If it is already declared in an external library, it is necessary to find it and merge it into one.
- If duplicated, the last declaration is executed.
- If it is already declared in an external library, it is necessary to find it and merge it into one.
- This is also true when using external resources (iframe, image, script).

It can be specified as an attribute in the `<body>` element.

```js
"<body onload="Code to be executed"

```

- If used as above, the designation as `window.onload` is ignored.

In addition to window objects, you can set up code to execute when a desired object is loaded.

```js
document.getElementById("myFrame").onload = function() {
//Code to be executed
}

```

Events can also be linked directly.

```js
window.addEventListener('load', function(){
//Code to be executed
});

```

jQuery provides a load method that behaves like onload.

```js
 $(window).load( function() {
//Code to be executed
})

```

### DOMContentLoaded

An event that occurs when HTML and script are loaded.

```js
window.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function(){
//Code to be executed
})

```

- Occurs before the onload event. It is suitable when fast execution speed is required.
- IE8 is not supported below.

It is a method discovered while exploring how to replace the ready method of jQuery with pure JavaScript. (Link)

```js
// Mozilla, Opera, Webkit
if (document.addEventListener) {
document.addEventListener("DOMContentLoaded", function () {
document.removeEventListener("DOMContentLoaded", arguments.callee, false);
domReady();
}, false);
}

// Internet Explorer
else if (document.attachEvent) {
document.attachEvent("onreadystatechange", function () {
if (document.readyState === "complete") {
document.detachEvent("onreadystatechange", arguments.callee);
domReady();
}
});
}

//when all DOMs are loaded
function domReady () {
//What to process
}

```

Consider it a jQuery version of DOMContentLoaded as a method that controls when the DOM tree in JavaScript is ready.

```js
$(document).ready(function(){
//Code to be executed
});

```

- Occurs before the onload event. This means that unlike onload, which occurs when all resources in a document are downloaded, only the DOM tree occurs as soon as it is completed, so it is suitable when fast execution speed is needed.
- When used several times, it is executed sequentially in the order of declaration.