---
layout: post
title: "Module Pattern (Other) and Sandbox Pattern #3"
author: "Logger"
thumbnail: "undefined"
tags: 
---


Module exposure patterns, modules that generate constructors, and sandbox patterns

In this posting, you will learn about patterns other than those found in Module Pattern #2 in the previous posting.

### Module Exposure Pattern

In my previous posting, I`ve already dealt with exposure patterns by looking at patterns related to private members.

Module patterns can be created in a similar way.

This means that all methods remain private, and eventually, when you have a public API, you only select and expose the methods that you want to disclose.

```js
var MYAPP = MYAPP || {};

MYAPP.namespace = function (ns_string) {
var parts = ns_string.split('.'),
parent = MYAPP,
i;

// initially remove duplicate global object names.
if (parts[0] === 'MYAPP') {
parts = parts.slice(1);
}

for (i = 0; i < parts.length; i += 1) {
if (typeof parent[parts[i]] === 'undefined') {
parent[parts[i]] = {};
}
parent = parent[parts[i]];
}

return parent;

};

MYAPP.namespace('MYAPP.utilities.array');

MYAPP.utilities.array = (function () {

// Private Properties
var arr_string = '[object Array]',
ops = Object.prototype.toString;

// Private Method
var inArray = function (haystack, needle) {
for (var i = 0, max = haystack.length; i < max; i += 1) {
if (haystack[i] === needle) {
return i;
}
}
return -1;
};

var isArray = function (a) {
return ops.call(a) === arr_string;
};

// Public API exposure
return {
isArray : isArray,
inArray : inArray
}

}());

console.log(MYAPP.utilities.array.inArray(['1',3], 3); // 1 record this
console.log(MYAPP.utilities.array.isArray({'a': 1})); // false 가 기록
```

### Modules that create generators

In the previous example, you created an object called MYAPP.utilities.array.

However, sometimes it is easier to create objects using the constructor function.

You can do this while using the module pattern.

As soon as the module is wrapped, the execution function returns the function, not the object, at the end.

The following example module pattern returns the constructor function `MYAPP.utilities.Array`.

```js
MYAPP.namespace('MYAPP.utilities.Array');

MYAPP.utilities.Array = (function(){

// 의존 관계 선언
var uobj = MYAPP.utilities.object,
ulang = MYAPP.utilities.lang,
// 비공개 프로퍼티와 메서드를 선언한 후 ...
Constr;
// var 선언을 마친다.

// 필요하다면 일회성 초기화 절차를 실행한다.
// ...

// 공개 API - 생성자 함수
Constr = function (o) {
this.elements = this.toArray(o);
};

// Public API - Prototype
Constr.prototype = {
consturctor : MYAPP.utilities.Array,
version : '2.0',
toArray : function (obj) {
for (var i = 0, a = [], len = obj.length; i < len; i += 1) {
a[i] = obj[i];
}
return a;
}
};

// returns the constructor function.
// This function will be assigned to a new namespace.
return Constr;

}());

// The above constructor function can be used as follows:
var arr = new MYAPP.utilities.Array({});

console.log(arr.version);
```

Import global variables into modules

A common variant of this pattern is the transmission of factors to the execution function immediately after the module is wrapped.

Any value is possible, but usually passes the reference to the global variable or the global object itself.

Forwarding this global variable makes navigation faster because it becomes available as a local variable within the immediate execution function.

```js
MYAPP.utilities.module = (function (app, global) {

// Reference to global objects and
// references to global application namespace objects are localized.

}(MYAPP, this));
```

### Sandbox Pattern

Sandbox patterns address the following disadvantages of namespace patterns:

- Application global objects depend on only one global variable. Therefore, it is impossible to run two versions of the same application or library on a single page with a namespace pattern. Several versions all use the same global variable name, for example MYAPP.
- It requires the use of a long point-connected name, such as MYAPP.utilities.array, and the runtime requires navigation.

As the name suggests, the sandbox pattern provides an environment in which some modules can operate without affecting other modules and their sandboxes.

Global constructor

The namespace pattern has one global object.

The only global in the sandbox pattern is the constructor.

Let`s call it `Sandbox(). This constructor will create objects.

And we`ll send a callback function to this constructor to isolate the code into the sandbox`s internal environment.

Sandbox usage is as follows:

```js
new Sandbox(function (box) {
// Here's the code...
})
```

The box object is the same as MYAPP in the namespace pattern.

All library functions required for code to work are entered here.

Let`s add two things to this pattern.

- Leveraging patterns that force new, we make it unnecessary to write new when creating objects.
- Enables the Sandbox() constructor to receive one or more optional factors. These factors specify the name of the module required to create the object. As we are oriented toward modularity of code, most of the features Sandbox() provides will actually be contained within the module.

Now let`s see an example of what the code that initializes the object looks like.

You can create objects that use virtual modules `ajax` and `event` without writing new as follows:

```js
Sandbox(['ajax','event'], function (box) {
// console.log(box);
})
```

The following example is similar to the previous example, but passes the module name as an individual factor.

```js
Sandbox('ajax','dom', function (box) {
// console.log(box);
})
```

How about using the wildcard * factor to mean "use all available modules"?

For convenience, if you omit the module name, let the sandbox assume * automatically.

If so, there will be two possible ways to use all modules:

```js
Sandbox('*', function (box) {
// console.log(box);
});

Sandbox(function (box) {
// console.log(box);
});
```

Finally, let`s take a look at an example of creating multiple instances of a sandbox object.

You can even nest another instance inside one instance.

There is no interference between the two instances at this time.

```js
Sandbox('dom', 'event', function (box) {

// code working with dom and event
Sandbox('ajax', function () {
// create another sandboxed box object.
// This "box" object is different from the "box" object in the outer function.

// Complete operation using ajax

});

// No more traces of the ajax module are found.

});
```

As you can see in these examples, the sandbox pattern protects the global namespace because it wraps the code with a callback function.

If necessary, you can take advantage of the fact that the function is an object and store the data in the "Static" property of the `Sandbox()` constructor.

You can also create multiple instances of a module for each type you want.

Each of these instances will work independently.

Now let`s take a look at the Sandbox() generators that support all of these features and how to implement them.

adding modules

Before you implement the actual constructor, let`s take a look at how you can add modules.

The `Sandbox()` constructor function is also an object, so you can add a property called modules.

This property is an object with a key-value pair that will be the name of the module and the function that implements each module will be the value.

```js
Sandbox.modules = {};

Sandbox.modules.dom = function (box) {
box.getElement = function () {
};
box.getStyle = function () {
};
box.foo = 'bar';
};

Sandbox.modules.event = function (box) {
// If necessary, the Sandbox prototype can be accessed as follows:
// box.constructor.prototype.m = 'mmm';

box.attachEvent = function () {
};
box.detachEvent = function () {
};

};

Sandbox.modules.ajax = function (box) {
box.makeRequest = function () {
};
box.getResponse = function () {
};
};
```

In the example above, we added modules called dom, event, ajax.

These are common features in all libraries and complex web applications.

The functions that implement each module take the current instance box as a factor and then add properties and methods to this instance.

Implement constructor

Now, let`s try to implement the Sandbox() constructor (you can rename it for your library or application).

```js
function Sandbox() {
// Replace the arguments with an array.
var args = Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments);

The last factor is the callback function.
var callback = args.pop();

// Modules can be transferred to an array or to individual factors.
var modules = (args[0]
```

The key points in the implementation above are as follows:

- Check if this is an instance of Sandbox, otherwise (i.e., Sandbox() is called without new) the function is called to the constructor.
- Within the constructor, add the property to this. Properties can also be added to the prototype of the constructor.
- The required modules can be passed as arrays, as individual factors, * wildcards, or as a mode of writing a module that can be written. Although this example does not implement the required features from other files to load them, this option should also be considered.
- After identifying all the required modules, we initialize each module. In other words, we invoke a function that implements each module.
- The last factor of the constructor is the callback function. This callback function is called last, and the newly created instance is passed to the factor. This callback function is the sandbox of the actual user and the box object is delivered with all the necessary functions.