---
layout: post
title: "PHP Variables"
author: "Logger"
thumbnail: "undefined"
tags: 
---


Learn about variables in PHP.

### PHP Variables

In PHP, a variable is named after a space (memory) in which a value can be written. It is defined in the same format as the `$ variable name` and can be assigned values using the university operator (=).

### PHP Variable Rules

In PHP, a variable name follows the variable name rule given below, which results in an error.

- Variable names must start with `$` (dollar mark).
- Variable names must have at least one character.
- The first letter following the `$` mark should be alphabetic or `_` (underbar). Afterwards, alphabets, underbars, or numbers are possible.
- All special characters and blanks except `$` and `_` should not be included in variable names.

There are also rules that have been used in practice by existing programmers. These rules make PHP coding more consistent and legible, but do not cause errors even if they are not followed.

- Let variable names use lowercase letters (separate from constants).
- Use `_` to distinguish between words for variable names made of compound words.

```php
'$name //declare valid variables
$nick_name //declare valid variables
nick_name //not valid because it does not start with a dollar sign
$nick-name //not valid with special characters
$nick_name more //not valid with blanks
$this //$this is a special variable that cannot be assigned and is invalid

```

When you specify a variable as an expression, all the values in the original expression are copied to the target variable. That is, after specifying a variable value as another variable, changing one of its variables does not affect the other variable.

Furthermore, in PHP, it is possible to specify by reference, with the new variable referencing the original variable, changing the new variable affects the original variable, and vice versa. For the designation by reference, at the beginning of the variable `

### Type of Variable

Variables include user variables that are directly named and used according to their intended use and super-global variables, which are predefined variables.

User variables can be used as needed by attaching `$` symbols to identifiers.

It can be accessed by its name anywhere in the program, and variables related to the web server`s settings, the environment of the server system, and the user`s input are specified, and cannot be artificially modified or used as general variables.

| Variable Name | Description |
| ------------------------ | ------------------------ |
| $\_GET | Array of variables crossed by GET method |
| $\_POST | Array of variables that have been crossed in a POST fashion |
| $\_COOKIE | Array of Cookie Variables |
| $\_FILES | Array of file information variables when uploading files |
| $\_SESSION | Array of Session Variables |
| $\_SERVER | Array of Environmental Variables in Web Server and PHP Environments |
| $\_ENV | Array of environmental variables in the server system |
| $\_REQUEST | Array of user-entered variables |

Since all super-global variables are arrayed, they can be accessed in the same way as `$_ENV[`OS`]`.

### Range of PHP variables

A range of variables is an interval in which a particular variable can be used, and a variable applied only in a certain area is called a regional variable, a variable available in any area is called a global variable.

```php
<?php

$a = 1;

function test() {
echo $a;
}
test(); //not output

function test2() {
global $a;
echo $a;
}
test2(); //1 Output

function test3() {
static $b = 0;
echo $b;
$b++;
}
test3(); //0 output
test3(); //1 Output
test3(); //2 Output

inclued 'b.php'; //$a는 b.It is also valid in php files.

?>

```

- A global variable is a defined variable within a script that can be used within a script but not within a function.
- Super global variables are available across scripts.
- A variable defined within a function is a regional variable that can only be used within the function.
- A globally defined variable within a function cannot be used outside of the function, but values are stored for each use and can be used next.
- The variables used in the function are deleted at the end of the function.
- In order to maintain the value of the variable used in the function, it can be declared as a static variable using the static keyword.
- Variables declared outside the function must be declared global to be used inside the function.
- The effective area of the variable is also expanded to include or required files.

### PHP data type

PHP supports eight basic data types. In other words, when one of the eight data types below declares a variable, the data assigned determines the data type (functions that can convert the data type arbitrarily are also provided). Each data type has a pre-assigned size that enables efficient use of memory.

It can also store special data called NULL, which means it has no value. Variables that do not have data assigned to them are considered NULL.

Boolean types are called truth values, logic values, and represent two values: True and False. In PHP, falsehood means zero and any value other than zero means patience.

In fact, it takes up 1 bit of memory space, but uses 1 Byte of space, prioritizing efficiency over excessive space savings.

```php
<?php

$has_lover = FALSE;

?>

```

To explicitly convert to truth values, (bool) or (boolean) is used, and the values below are considered FALSE.

- Truth Value FALSE
- Integer 0
- 0.0 Mistake
- Empty string ("") and string "0"
- Array without elements
- Objects that do not have member variables (only on PHP 4)
- Special type NULL with unset variable
- SimpleXML objects created from empty tags

To represent integers, 4Byte is given memory space, which represents a number between 0 and 4294967295 and a number between -2147483648 and -2147483647. Of the total 32 bits, the actual number is 31 bits because the first bit is expressed as a positive number at 0 and negative number at 1.

```php
<?php

$a = 1234; // decimal
$a = -123; // negative
$a = 0123; // octal
$a = 0x1A; // Hex
$a = 0b111111; // Binary

?>

```

Use (int) to explicitly convert to an integer value.

It means the number of times that a floating point method is used to expressing mistakes. PHP uses 8Byte space to express mistakes, providing a precision of up to 14 decimal places (also known as floats, doubles, and real numbers).

```php
<?php

$a = 1.234;
$b = 1.2e3;
$c = 7E-10;

?>

```

It is used to express characters, and there is no limit to memory space. In other words, it supports unlimited strings regardless of the length of the string.

Strings can be assigned using double quotes ("), single quotes (""), Heredoc, and Nowdoc. The detailed description is to be addressed separately in the PHP string.

An array consists of keys and values, the key is either an integer or a string, and the value can be any data type.

```php
<?php

$array = array(
"foo" => "bar",
"bar" => "foo",
);

// as of PHP 5.4
$array = [
"foo" => "bar",
"bar" => "foo",
];

?>

```

A resource is a type of data used to represent external resources such as files, databases, and image operations, which cannot be converted to other values. It also automatically releases, so you don`t have to manually release memory.

The NULL value is a special value that indicates that a variable has no value, and can only be a null-type value. The value is called NULL when a variable has not yet been assigned to it, when it is directly assigned NULL as a constant, and when it is removed as an unset function.

```php
<?php

$var = NULL;

?>

```

Objects are covered on different pages.

### PHP variable handling function

There are functions that can process various information using the values assigned to the variable.

Let`s refer to the variable handling function list.