---
layout: post
title: "Font Size(Unit 단위) #1"
author: "Logger"
thumbnail: "undefined"
tags: 
---


Font Unit (Font unit size comparison)

The CSS property that specifies the text size is `font-size`.
After size, always use unit of measurement.
For example, for this property, the given value and size units determine the size of the text, and CSS supports a dizzying number of units. pixels (px), inches (in), centimeters (cm), percentage (%), millimeters, etc.
Among these units of measurement, pc (pica is 12pt for 1pc), pt (point is 1/72in), and in (inch is not working properly on web pages, which may look different from monitor to monitor.
However, when you create a style sheet for print pages, you also use pt as a unit.
px (short for pixel) when you set the size of the text displayed on your computer monitor.Use the in-size keyword em, percent (%)
In this posting, we will learn about the way it works.

### pixels (pixel, px)

Specifying a pixel value is the easiest to understand. This is because it has nothing to do with your browser settings.
For example, if you specify a <h1> font size of 36 pixels, the web browser sets the text height to 36 pixels and displays it. This is because you can create consistent results from any browser or computer.

### How to adjust using keywords

CSS provides keywords that allow you to specify text sizes based on the default text size: `xx-small`, `small`, `medium`, `large`, `x-large`, and `xx-large`.
You can use this keyword like font-size: large.
Using the keyword `medium` will result in the text height equal to the browser`s default font size. Other keywords calculate the text height by adding or decreasing how much based on the default font size.
But how much you add or reduce is not consistent. By default, `xx-small` is around 9px, assuming the default font size of the browser is 16px. `x-small` is 10px, `small` is 13px, `large` is 18px, `x-large` is 24px, and `xx-large` is 32px.
The size of text that you can specify as a keyword is limited, so you can only use seven. If you want to control the size of the text more freely, you`d better use the options to explain next time.

### Percent (%)

Like keywords, the percentage value is based on the default text size defined by the browser. However, you can use keywords to make much more fine-tuning than when you specify the size. As mentioned earlier, all browsers have a pre-programmed default text size, usually 16px.
This value is adjustable in the browser`s Configuration menu, and no matter how the programmed value is set, 100% is the same as the default font size. Therefore, in most browsers, if the value of the CSS property is set to 100%, it means 16px.
If a user wants to double the font size of a typical text, say `font-size: 200% ;`. If you want to make it slightly smaller than the default text size, you can give a 90% value and reduce it a little.
The above example is very intuitive, but it often does not, so it requires attention. Assuming you have dealt with CSS, font size (in percentage units) is an inherited property.
Therefore, the child tags of some tags inherit the font size of the parent tag. So the actual value of 100% can be different if the tag inherits the font-sizs.
For example, suppose you have a <div> tag with a font size of 200%. The value is then equivalent to 32px, twice the default text size of the browser, and every tag in that <div> inherits the text size and uses it as the basis for calculating the size of the magnetic text. Therefore, 100% is 32px for tags in the <div>. So if you have a <h1> tag in the <div> and its font size is set to 100%, it will be displayed on the screen at 32px, twice the default text size.

### em

If you understand the percentage, `em` is as good as you understand it. It works the same way, but many web designers prefer `em` because it is a unit derived from typography. The word `em` is derived from typography for print and is based on the size of the uppercase M of a particular typeface. But in the web world, em has lost its original meaning. where em is based on the default text size.
Therefore, 1em is 100% the same as. Therefore, it is okay to think that the percentage value is simply an em value multiplied by 100.
Therefore, .5em is 50%, .75em is 75%, and 3em is 300%.
The part related to succession is also the same as %.